[Applause]
I'm an artist the greatest poverty heir
of his generation it seems some vulgar
getting squeamish around here
stop strolling women Wow all that
nonsense happy stoning day you have to
stay on the straight and sober can you
do that
where's baby punch where is she I salute
her gallery one place she wound up in
another what's done is done
suppose we just move on with our lives
that's the way to do it they've got the
reporter crime right excellent my dear
wife and tiny baby aren't missing do you
remember what happened to you
[Applause]
[Music]
does that look punctured I always win
you won't be winning any more
[Music]
the greatest zone is what the critics
say
[Music]
that's the way to do it